
### live chat
<hr>

**Me**<br>
Hi<br>
**Marky**<br>
My name is Marky and I'll be glad to assist you.<br>
How can I help you?<br>

**Me**<br>
My app says I should purchase an account<br>

**Marky**<br>
To assist you with your concern, please provide the email address you used to set up your ExpressVPN Account.<br>
**Me**<br>
I have't signed up yet<br>

**Marky**<br>
I see.<br>
Which are are you referring to?<br>
**Me**<br>
just wander that why should i purchase first<br>
can i have a account before I purchase<br>

**Marky**<br>
You need to purchase first before you can get an account with us.<br>
Why not use the first 30 days as a trial? We offer a risk-free 30-day money-back guarantee. You can sign up at expressvpn.xyz/order and use the service. If you're not satisfied, contact us. We're available 24/7.<br>
**Me**<br>
I will try,but<br>
can I buy 1 month instead of 1 year, just for test. You know many VPNs don't work well<br>

**Marky**<br>
Yes you can.<br>
Our service is priced at just USD $12.95 per month, $59.95 for 6 months, or $99.95 for a full year's access.<br>
**Me**<br>
What should I do?<br>

**Marky**<br>
If you want to give our service a try, you can sign up here: express-vpn-links.com/order<br>

Once subscribed to our service, you'll receive a confirmation email which includes a link to reset your account login password. After you set your password, you just need to go to expressvpn.xyz/login and log in to your account. Then go to "My Subscriptions". From there, click on "Set Up ExpressVPN" and all your available downloads and activation codes will be there.Once ExpressVPN app is downloaded and configured, you just then need to connect to one of our server locations and you're good to go.<br>
**Me**<br>
Is it available for MAC<br>

**Marky**<br>
Yes.<br>
For the step by step instructions on how to setup ExpressVPN on our supported devices, kindly refer to this page:
expressvpn.xyz/support/vpn-setup/<br>
**Me**<br>
you mean one account can be used in several platform, right?<br>

**Marky**<br>
That's right.<br>
You can install or configure ExpressVPN on as many devices as you like (i.e., computers, mobile devices, streaming media consoles and wireless routers). With one subscription, you'll be able to connect up to 3 devices on any platform simultaneously.<br>
**Me**<br>
sounds amazing<br>
one more question:<br>

**Marky**<br>
Sure.<br>
**Me**<br>
how about the speed, I care more when I use google browser<br>

**Marky**<br>
There are too many factors at play that such a number would be nearly impossible to quantify. The best thing I could recommend is to try out our service and then you can switch freely between some of the various server locations (especially those close to you) as well as the VPN protocols (available in the options menu).<br>
Is there anything else I can help you with?<br>
**Me**<br>
Is it serious for performance lag<br>

**Marky**<br>
The higher your standard internet connection the more speed you lose in percentage. For example, if you have 5 mbps connection, you can lose just 10-20% of bandwidth, and if you have 100 mbps you can lose even more than a half of your connection if you connect to a VPN.<br>
**Me**<br>
how about 4G networks with iPhone outdoors<br>

**Marky**<br>
We can't reallly tell unless you try it.<br>
**Me**<br>
tsk for your explanation. anyway, I will try<br>

**Marky**<br>
Most high speed connections handle a minimum of 1.5 Mbps and may go up to 30 Mbps. In these cases the VPN speed won't be affected much, but anything less than this (as supplied by dial-up or 3G connections) can cause VPN connectivity issues.
Alright.<br>
Is there anything else I can help you with?<br>
**Me**<br>
everything seems ok except my worry about the speed outdoors when I just take an iPhone<br>
**Marky**<br>

If you have a connection speed of more thatn 5mbps, then there should be less impact on your connection speed once connected to the VPN.<br>
If you still need anything else, please contact us back. Thanks again for reaching out, and have a great day!<br>
:)<br>
Thank you for your feedback!<br>

Thank you for contacting us.<br>
Chat session disconnected.<br>


